feat(one-app-runner): add (#34)
americanexpress/one-app-cli: packages/one-app-runner/README.md

# @americanexpress/one-app-runner

> A command line interface (CLI) tool for running [One App](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app) locally.

> **one-app-runner** allows you to work locally on your [Holocron Module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/api/API.md#modules) without having to clone [One App](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app).

Reviewer: should we mention something about watching your builds and whether you need to restart one-app-runner?

Author: yeah probably should.  We also have #38 open.

Author: Fixed in latest commit!

It works by pulling a Docker image for One App and mounting your module to it as a volume.

**Note:** If you are making changes to One App at the same time you are making changes to your Module(s) then you will still need to [clone One App, serve your module to it, and start it yourself](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app).

## 🤹‍ Usage

> Note that [Docker](https://www.docker.com/community-edition#/download) is required and must be installed before **one-app-runner** can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) is required and must be installed before **one-app-runner** can be used.
```

Reviewer: looks like the link is redirects, might have been an old link

Author: Fixed in latest commit!

### Quick start

In any [Holocron Module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/api/API.md#modules) directory:

1. Install:
```bash
npm install --save-dev @americanexpress/one-app-runner
```

2. Add the `one-app-runner` command to your `npm` start script and a runner config to your module's
`package.json`. See below for an example:

##### package.json
```json
"scripts": {
  "start": "one-app-runner"
},
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "modules": ["."],
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
    "parrotMiddleware": "./dev.middleware.js"
  }
}
```

Use the runner config to tell `one-app-runner` what module map and One App version to use, what your root module is, where your module is (current directory in this case), and optionally where your [Parrot mocks](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/recipes/Mocking-API-Calls.md) middleware file is located.

##  Command options reference

**one-app-runner** can be configured via command options or a configuration object in `package.json`:

### docker-image [Required]

> Docker image to use for One App. It allows you to specify what Docker image and tag to pull down for One App. This can be an

Reviewer: is this a docker image published within our docker hub or can we specify images that we've built?

Author: You can specify any docker image. We will want most to use ours once we start publishing (and once that happens may even have the default value for this be the latest published one app docker image) but really any one app docker image works as long as it is published somewhere.

image you have built and tagged locally but is not published to a Docker registry. Whatever value is
provided is passed down to `docker pull` and `docker run`.

Sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --docker-image one-app-dev:5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json"
  }
}
```

### module-map-url [Required]

Location of module map for One App to use to fetch modules. This option is required.

Sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --one-app-version 5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",

>     "dockerImage": "dockerhub.com/oneamex/one-app-dev:5.0.0",

Reviewer: ooh this answers my question above. Would be better if specify that you can provide a link to the location of the  docker image

Author: I updated all the examples to include the full location of the image to make it more clear!

```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "devEndpoints": "./dev.endpoints.js",
    "modules": ["."],
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
  }
}
```

### output-file [Optional]

Path to a file to which One App logs should be redirected to. Using this option will send all One App logs to given file and will result in no logs from One App being sent to your terminal.

Sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --output-file ../one-app.log --root-module-name frank-lloyd-root --one-app-version 5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json  --module ../frank-lloyd-root
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "outputFile": "./one-app.log",
    "modules": ["."],
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "oneAppVersion": "5.0.0"
  }
}
```

### envVars [Optional]

> Environment variables to provide to One App instance.

Reviewer: Can this be any type of environment variables and not one-app variables only

Author: Yes any env var.

# @americanexpress/one-app-runner

> A command line interface (CLI) tool for running [One App](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app) locally.

**one-app-runner** allows you to work locally on your [Holocron Module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/api/API.md) without having to clone [One App](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app).

It works by pulling a Docker image for One App and mounting your module to it as a volume.

**Note:** If you are making changes to One App at the same time you are making changes to your Module(s) then you will still need to [clone One App, serve your module to it, and start it yourself](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app).

## 🤹‍ Usage

Note that [Docker](https://www.docker.com/community-edition#/download) is required and must be installed before **one-app-runner** can be used.

### Quick start

> In your Holocron Module directory:

Reviewer 2: Should this be in a root module or can it be in any? Does this need clarification?

Author: This can be in any module.

Author: Clarified in last commit.

1. Install:
```bash
npm install --save-dev @americanexpress/one-app-runner
```

> 2. Add an `npm` start script and a runner config to either your module's `package.json`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Add the `one-app-runner` command to your `npm` start script and a runner config to your module's `package.json`.
```

Reviewer 2: ... Here's an example of how to update your `package.json` file:

Author: See latest commit!

##### package.json
```json
"scripts": {
  "start": "one-app-runner"
},
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "modules": ["."],
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
    "parrotMiddleware": "./dev.middleware.js"
  }
}
```

> In the runner config you will want to tell `one-app-runner` what module map and One App version to use, what your root module is, where your module is (current directory in this case), and optionally where your [Parrot](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/recipes/Mocking-API-Calls.md) middleware file is located.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the runner config to tell `one-app-runner` what module map and One App version to use, what your root module is, where your module is (current directory in this case), and optionally where your [Parrot](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/recipes/Mocking-API-Calls.md) middleware file is located.
```

Reviewer 2: ...[Parrot mocking library](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/recipes/Mocking-API-Calls.md)...

Author: Fixed in last commit.

##  Command options reference

> **one-app-runner** can be configured via command options or a configuration object in `package.json`:

Reviewer 3: should these be subheadings ?

Reviewer 2: I'd add [required] or [optional] before the description of each command, ie at the beginning of the line, with the required ones first.

Author: Fixed in last commit.

**module-map-url**

> module map for One App to use to fetch modules. This option is required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
location of module map for One App to use to fetch modules. This option is required.
```

Author: Fixed in last commit.

sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --one-app-version 5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "dockerhub.com/oneamex/one-app-dev:5.0.0",
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root"
  }
}
```

**root-module-name**

Name of the module to use as a [root module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app#the-root-module)

> for your One App instance. This argument is required unless the `docker-image` argument is provided.

Reviewer 3: shouldn't this always be required ? what does the docker image provide to make this optional ?

Author: Yeah you are right, I forgot to update the readme after making some changes.

sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --root-module-name frank-lloyd-root --one-app-version 5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
  }
}
```

**docker-image**

Docker image to use for One App. It allows you to specify what Docker image and tag to pull down for One App. This can be an
image you have built and tagged locally but is not published to a Docker registry. Whatever value is

> provided is passed down to `docker pull` and `docker run`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
image you have built and tagged locally but is not published to a Docker registry. The value
provided is passed down to `docker pull` and `docker run`.
```

Reviewer 2: is this required? if it's not, does it default to latest published?

Author: It is required. We can add sane defaults later but can't yet until the One App team starts publishing images on every release.

Author: Fixed in last commit.

sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --docker-image one-app-dev:5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json"
  }
}
```

**modules**

> Path to local module to serve to One App. This can be either an absolute or a relative path to a Holocron Module's

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Path to local module[s] to serve to One App. This can be either an absolute or a relative path to a Holocron Module's
```

Author: Fixed in last commit.

    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
  }
}
```

If middleware is defined in the `package.json`, you can use the `--no-parrot-middleware` option to temporarily disable it.

**dev-endpoints**

Path to dev endpoints file for One App to use for the One App Dev Proxy set up. This option must be used in conjunction with the `--module` option.

For more information on setting up your dev endpoints file, check out the [Configuring One App with your API URLs guide](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app/blob/master/docs/recipes/Mocking-API-Calls.md).

sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --dev-endpoints ../frank-lloyd-root/dev.endpoints.js --module ../frank-lloyd-root --root-module-name frank-lloyd-root --one-app-version 5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "devEndpoints": "./dev.endpoints.js",
    "modules": ["."],
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "dockerImage": "one-app-dev:5.0.0",
  }
}
```

**output-file**

> Path to a file to which One App logs should be redirected to. Using this option will send all One App logs to given file and will result in no logs from One App being sent to your terminal.

Reviewer 2: optional, right?

Author: Yes, optional.

Author: Clarified in last commit.

sample usage:

```bash
npx @americanexpress/one-app-runner --output-file ../one-app.log --root-module-name frank-lloyd-root --one-app-version 5.0.0 --module-map-url https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json  --module ../frank-lloyd-root
```

Or in `package.json`

```json
"one-amex": {
  "runner": {
    "outputFile": "./one-app.log",
    "modules": ["."],
    "rootModuleName": "frank-lloyd-root",
    "moduleMapUrl": "https://example.com/cdn/module-map.json",
    "oneAppVersion": "5.0.0"
  }
}
```

**envVars**

> 

Reviewer 2: Explaining how this interacts with a `.env` file could be helpful. Which overrides which?

Author: There is no concept of `.env` file at all. So not sure what I would need to explain.
